To: Outsiders looking in,

This website is an online version of a recipe book. This isn't the average recipe website however. This website contains only healthy versions of food. Examples include vegitarian, paleo, gluten-free and all-meat(carnivorian???) recipes. Whenever I want to go cook a meal and have to search through many websites to find precicely the right, healthy option/recipe for me, it tends to take a while.  I have to search for a gluten-free website, paleo website, or what have you.  Here it's all in one place. You can visit this website and select from a plethora of recipes that range in all the healthy categories for specific diets.  This website holds users, recipes, images of the recipe, ingredients, instructions, comments and ratings for the recipes that it contains.  As well as if you are a user and have signed up you may add your own recipies and share them to the world wide web.  The home page is simple and straigt forward.  It contains a list of all the recipes and a link to its page where you can view the pictures ingredients, and instructions on how to make said meal.  When you are viewing the recipe you can add a comment and rating that coinside with eachother.  As well as you can add more pictures to the show page if you want to include a picture of you making the food, the food itself, or just fun other pictures that relate to the recipe.  If you are not a user then you are only allowed to view the pictures that are attached to the recipe, steps involved, ingredients, and ratings that have been posted. Overall this website is an easy way to find the right recipe for you and hopefully improve your life by bettering your eating habits with delicious, healthy options to choose from. 

Thank you, 
	Robert Bezaire
